how-to/maintain: update slow log document (new) (#1503)
pingcap/docs: v2.1/how-to/maintain/identify-slow-queries.md

```

Due to the memory footprint restriction, the stored slow query records count is limited. If the specified `N` is greater than the records count, the returned records count may be smaller than `N`.

The table below specifies the details of the output:

| Column name | Description |
|:------|:---- |

> | start | The starting time of SQL execution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| start | The starting time of the SQL execution |
```

Reviewer 2: @TomShawn `the` here is not a must. Let's just keep one `the` in this phrase to make it sound simple.

Reviewer: OK.

> | duration | The duration of SQL execution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| duration | The duration of the SQL execution |
```

> | details | The details of SQL execution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| details | The details of the SQL execution |
```

| succ | Whether a SQL statement is executed successfully. `1` means success and `0` means failure. |
| conn_id | The Connection ID (session ID). For example, you can use the keyword `con:3` to query the log whose session ID is `3`. |

> | transcation_ts | The `commit ts` that a transaction commits |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transcation_ts | The `commit ts` for a transaction commit |
```

> | user | The username used for executing the statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| user | The user name for the execution of the SQL statement |
```

> | db | The database involved for executing the statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| db | The database involved when the SQL statement is executed |
```

> | table_ids | The table ID involved for executing a SQL statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| table_ids | The ID of the table involved when the SQL statement is executed |
```

> | index_ids | The index ID involved for executing a SQL statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| index_ids | The ID of the index involved when the SQL statement is executed |
```

> | internal | The SQL statement inside TiDB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| internal | This is a TiDB internal SQL statement |
```

> | digest | The fingerprint of a SQL statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| digest | The fingerprint of the SQL statement |
```
